README.md, before:

# ApprenticeshipStandards.org
The ApprenticeshipStandards.org application is currently running on Ruby 3,
Rails 7, and PostgreSQL 14.

## Development setup
1. Run `bin/setup`
2. Install [libvips][libvips] for use with ActiveStorage
3. Start rails app: `bin/dev`. The application will be available
   at http://localhost:3000.

[libvips]: https://www.libvips.org/install.html

## Linting
### Ruby linting

We are using [standard][standard] for Ruby
linting. To check the style of all Ruby files, run:

```
bundle exec standardrb
```

To automatically apply linting fixes, run:

```
bundle exec standardrb --fix
```

### ERB linting
We are using [erb_lint][erb_lint] for ERB linting. To check the style of all
`.erb` files, run:

```
bundle exec erblint --lint-all
```

[standard]: https://github.com/testdouble/standard
[erb_lint]: https://github.com/Shopify/erb-lint

## Testing Suite

We are using [RSpec](http://rspec.info/) for tests. Before beginning a new
feature, please run the specs and make sure the entire test suite is passing.
All tests should be passing when submitting a PR. Please write specs as
appropriate.

To run all specs:

```
bundle exec rspec spec -fd
```

To run an individual file:

```
bundle exec rspec spec/models/user_spec.rb -fd
```

To run an individual spec, pass the spec name or partial match:
```
bundle exec rspec spec/models/user_spec.rb -fd -e "valid factory"
```

Individual specs can also be run by specifying the line number:

```
bundle exec rspec spec/models/user_spec.rb:4 -fd
```

The `-fd` flag is for "format: documentation", and will list out each spec name
as it is run. These flags can be left off for more concise output.

### JavaScript system specs

For system specs that require JavaScript, append `js: true` to the relevant
scenario, context, or describe statement. This has the added benefit of
generating a screenshot upon failure. To force any non-JS-requiring system test
to generate a screenshot, you can also temporarily add `js: true` to the spec to
help diagnose the failure. For example:

```
# spec/system/standards_import/new_spec.html.erb

it "shows success message", js: true do
 ...
end
```

By default we are using the headless version of Chrome to run system specs with
JavaScript, but you can run the non-headless version to watch the spec get run
in the browser. To use the non-headless version, add `debug: true` to the spec:

```
# spec/system/standards_import/new_spec.html.erb

it "shows success message", debug: true do
 ...
end
```

Any errors when running in debug mode will also create a screenshot in the `tmp`
directory to help with debugging.

Commit message:

Update README with instructions on updating /etc/hosts file

README.md, after:

# ApprenticeshipStandards.org
The ApprenticeshipStandards.org application is currently running on Ruby 3,
Rails 7, and PostgreSQL 14.

## Development setup
1. Run `bin/setup`
2. Install [libvips][libvips] for use with ActiveStorage
4. To access the admin pages, you must modify your `/etc/hosts` file:
   ```
   # Added for ApprenticeshipStandards.org
   127.0.0.1 admin.example.localhost
   # End ApprenticeshipStandards.org additions
   ```
3. Start rails app: `bin/dev`. The application will be available
   at http://localhost:3000. The admin pages will be available at:
   http://admin.example.localhost:3000.

[libvips]: https://www.libvips.org/install.html

## Linting
### Ruby linting

We are using [standard][standard] for Ruby
linting. To check the style of all Ruby files, run:

```
bundle exec standardrb
```

To automatically apply linting fixes, run:

```
bundle exec standardrb --fix
```

### ERB linting
We are using [erb_lint][erb_lint] for ERB linting. To check the style of all
`.erb` files, run:

```
bundle exec erblint --lint-all
```

[standard]: https://github.com/testdouble/standard
[erb_lint]: https://github.com/Shopify/erb-lint

## Testing Suite

We are using [RSpec](http://rspec.info/) for tests. Before beginning a new
feature, please run the specs and make sure the entire test suite is passing.
All tests should be passing when submitting a PR. Please write specs as
appropriate.

To run all specs:

```
bundle exec rspec spec -fd
```

To run an individual file:

```
bundle exec rspec spec/models/user_spec.rb -fd
```

To run an individual spec, pass the spec name or partial match:
```
bundle exec rspec spec/models/user_spec.rb -fd -e "valid factory"
```

Individual specs can also be run by specifying the line number:

```
bundle exec rspec spec/models/user_spec.rb:4 -fd
```

The `-fd` flag is for "format: documentation", and will list out each spec name
as it is run. These flags can be left off for more concise output.

### JavaScript system specs

For system specs that require JavaScript, append `js: true` to the relevant
scenario, context, or describe statement. This has the added benefit of
generating a screenshot upon failure. To force any non-JS-requiring system test
to generate a screenshot, you can also temporarily add `js: true` to the spec to
help diagnose the failure. For example:

```
# spec/system/standards_import/new_spec.html.erb

it "shows success message", js: true do
 ...
end
```

By default we are using the headless version of Chrome to run system specs with
JavaScript, but you can run the non-headless version to watch the spec get run
in the browser. To use the non-headless version, add `debug: true` to the spec:

```
# spec/system/standards_import/new_spec.html.erb

it "shows success message", debug: true do
 ...
end
```

Any errors when running in debug mode will also create a screenshot in the `tmp`
directory to help with debugging.
